---
author: Aniket
layout: post
type: post
date: 2016-03-13 23:18 +0530
title: "Two-Zero-Fifteen"
category: note
tags: []
---

I usually do my yearly round up post on either the last day of the year or the
first day of the new year, but this time I did not have my laptop around me.
After working at Zomato for about a year and a half I decided that I wanted to
move out to a new company. The exciting news from all of this is that now I am a
Software Engineer in Uber and I also happen to be the *first engineering hire*
from India. Fancy, right?

## Work at Uber

Uber is an absolutely fantastic place to work and anyone who wants to write
great quality code and work on some epic projects, please [join
us](https://www.uber.com/careers/)!  If you are looking for some knowledge on
what we are doing and how you can contribute, get in touch with me. Hit me up on
[Twitter @noremap](https://twitter.com/noremap).

2016 is going to be the year where I get to work heavily on Python. I have
always been reluctant to use Python for any of work for a long time simply
because I don’t like the language’s aesthetics. Not a big fan of the lack of
braces. I keep feeling the lack of terseness when I work in Python as the
language tends to be more verbose than required. This might be happening because
I have been programming in Go recently.

## Moving to Bangalore

My current location has changed from Gurgaon to Bangalore. I am slowly getting
used to the city but so far everything has been fairly pleasant. People in
Bangalore, if you are interested in grabbing a coffee or just jamming over ideas
with me, hit me up!

---

I am eagerly looking forward to this year. The first quarter is already over but
this year I will try putting out a post every month.
